chore: update `Timer.md` with caveats (#3827)
dfinity/motoko: doc/md/base/Timer.md

# Timer

Timers for one-off or periodic tasks. Applicable as part of the default mechanism.

Note: If `moc` is invoked with `-no-timer`, the importing will fail.

Note: The resolution of the timers is in the order of the block rate,
      so durations should be chosen well above that. For frequent

>       canister wake-ups the heatbeat mechanism should be considered.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      canister wake-ups the heartbeat mechanism should be considered.
```

> Note: Below functionality is active only if the user doesn't explicitly
>       implement `system func timer`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Note: The functionality described below is enabled only when the actor does not override it by declaring an explicit `system func timer`.
```

Note: Timers are _not_ persisted across upgrades. One possible strategy
      to re-establish timers after an upgrade is to walk stable variables
      in the `post_upgrade` hook and distill necessary timer information

>       from there.

Reviewer 2: Is this correct?
> is to **walk** stable variables

>       from there.

Author: Yep, I think it is common usage to _walk_ (i.e. traverse) data structures.

> Note: Basing security (e.g. access control) on timers is almost always

Reviewer 2: What's the underlying reason that security controls shouldn't use timers?

I can't come up with a good scenario in which one would want to. Just wondering if this statements mean that timers are not very reliable or that usually if you need timers in a security control you there is a design issue. Agreed that access control would likely not need timers.

Author: It is triggered by your slack comment. There are access control methods that use time, e.g. exponential lockout for mistyped passwords etc. These are problematic here, as there is no protection against reentrancy.

Author: I have added a blurb. PTAL.

Reviewer 2: I missed this comment back then. LGTM if you still want to merge it.
